hello here is at Amazon and today
I would like to briefly with you
talk about what she thinks about it
that the xp pig is now in the
distance mode I is not finds
so good for the simple reason that others
pig in my opinion meaningful
are and now I exist now
the chance that I get a franchise
I do not need it at all I am too
very much surprised that blizzard now
give the experts a boat out of the simple one
Because she's about two-three
weeks have said no they want
do not install
other pigs are in full as well
example rage or the protection
yell yeah i was totally the one
same opinion
Now you have your opinion
changed the xp screaming comes in 1.05
that means for me I have one
second additional I scream
actually do not need why 2
For the simple reason 2 I need
For example, do not shout the ms
yes someday everyone will be in the level
be where he max mf where he xp the
pig I needed and then it will be like that
be your run through the map that comes
in and then you have an experiment
everything does not help me much better
would be rage or protection
you think
I do not think much of that one
exploit is installed
I would also like to know what you are
think about whether you like it or not
if you find it bad, I know completely
it's just that people have little time
to let and no
items have the more xp bring
that will be good
but i believe in endcontent this one has
absolutely nothing at all
search
There will also be two additional ones
stones implemented in the game
I think that is very good that is once
a letter from you with speed and
Pickup radius increased and the second
screaming is resources regeneration and
how cool it down
these are two good carpenter should there
good job says but with the xp
yell yes yes I know I ok
look forward to your comments that was
first of all today from me and we see
have fun again tomorrow
drive items